The `CLIENT KILL` command closes a given client connection. Up to Redis 2.8.11
it was possible to close a connection only by client address, using the
following form:

    CLIENT KILL addr:port

The `ip:port` should match a line returned by the `CLIENT LIST` command (`addr`
field).

However starting with Redis 2.8.12 or greater, the command accepts the following
form:

    CLIENT KILL <filter> <value> ... ... <filter> <value>

With the new form it is possible to kill clients by different attributes instead
of killing just by address. The following filters are available:

- `CLIENT KILL ADDR ip:port`. This is exactly the same as the old
  three-arguments behavior.
- `CLIENT KILL ID client-id`. Allows to kill a client by its unique `ID` field,
  which was introduced in the `CLIENT LIST` command starting from Redis 2.8.12.
- `CLIENT KILL TYPE type`, where _type_ is one of `normal`, `master`, `slave`
  and `pubsub` (the `master` type is available from v3.2). This closes the
  connections of **all the clients** in the specified class. Note that clients
  blocked into the `MONITOR` command are considered to belong to the `normal`
  class.
- `CLIENT KILL USER`username`. Closes all the connections that are authenticated
  with the specified [ACL](/topics/acl) username, however it returns an error if
  the username does not map to an existing ACL user.
- `CLIENT KILL SKIPME yes/no`. By default this option is set to `yes`, that is,
  the client calling the command will not get killed, however setting this
  option to `no` will have the effect of also killing the client calling the
  command.

**Note: starting with Redis 5 the project is no longer using the slave word. You
can use `TYPE replica` instead, however the old form is still supported for
backward compatibility.**

It is possible to provide multiple filters at the same time. The command will
handle multiple filters via logical AND. For example:

    CLIENT KILL addr 127.0.0.1:12345 type pubsub

is valid and will kill only a pubsub client with the specified address. This
format containing multiple filters is rarely useful currently.

When the new form is used the command no longer returns `OK` or an error, but
instead the number of killed clients, that may be zero.

## CLIENT KILL and Redis Sentinel

Recent versions of Redis Sentinel (Redis 2.8.12 or greater) use CLIENT KILL in
order to kill clients when an instance is reconfigured, in order to force
clients to perform the handshake with one Sentinel again and update its
configuration.

## Notes

Due to the single-threaded nature of Redis, it is not possible to kill a client
connection while it is executing a command. From the client point of view, the
connection can never be closed in the middle of the execution of a command.
However, the client will notice the connection has been closed only when the
next command is sent (and results in network error).

@return

When called with the three arguments format:

@simple-string-reply: `OK` if the connection exists and has been closed

When called with the filter / value format:

@integer-reply: the number of clients killed.
